so most people who would come into
obscene wealth like this you know would
think about buying an island or you know
go going off and living some crazy life
of luxury or traveling the world for the
next five or ten years essentially doing
nothing and you decide to invest in this
new endeavor seemingly immediately like
why did you make that decision
well that was thankfully a reaction to I
went through the pain of living the
cliche of money can't buy happiness
early so that was the very thing that
gave birth to my true financial success
so walk me through that though so as
most people will never experience what
it's like to come into crazy wealth yeah
it is it is a really funny moment and
funny is the right word it's it's fun
but it's also funny in that when I was
growing up part of the reason I wanted
to get rich was I looked at those people
with admiration and I did not look at
myself with admiration so I thought oh
well if I can get wealthy then I will
look at myself with admiration this
would be amazing and then when I got the
money by then I had changed myself
fundamentally as a person and I had
earned so much self-respect and so much
self-worth that by the time I got the
money I didn't I wasn't looking for
anything from the money other than it is
dog great facilitator it will let you do
extraordinary things but it won't make
you an extraordinary person and won't
make you feel any differently about
yourself and because the money came
literally like that because we had paper
wealth so I was a worth hundreds of
millions of dollars on paper but I just
cannot stress enough that's meaningless
in your real life I was driving you know
at one point a beat-up Ford Focus my
wife and I had to share it had a leaky
exhaust and yet I'm worth at that point
I was worth tens of millions of dollars
but there were employees that were
living far better lives and I was from
the financial standpoint
so that's paper money now bank account
money came in an instant and so it was
about I don't know six years into our
journey and we decided to take a small
investment to diversify so it's a pure
founder liquidity moment and because the
valuation of the company was over a
billion dollars you can imagine even at
small percentage just the raw number of
dollars is in sanity so all the sudden I
was fantastically wealthy but I was like
it is so in fact this this was how that
day went so everyone I said earlier you
beliefs values identity habits routines
right these are the things that make
people up and I just have a value system
that says it's not about the money it's
about building something you believe and
it's about serving other people it's
about work ethic it's about showing up
and working and I value myself for that
so on the day that the money hit it hit
it like 8:00 a.m. in the morning or
something and my wife were both in the
gym and she's like what are we gonna do
today and I was like what do you mean
I'm going to work and she like couldn't
wrap her head around aha she's like whoa
we're gonna go to the Lamborghini dealer
yeah she's like come on we've gotta like
go do something we've got to celebrate
and I'm like there's no universe in
which I don't show up for work today
none under no circumstances so if you
were to ask my employees when did the
money hit the hell would be like I have
no idea they knew that it did hit but
they didn't know what day because I
acted completely the same and the things
I want people to understand is I feel
the same so all of the like things that
I believe about myself to be good
I still believe to be good I earned them
I earned them by doing the hard thing
time and time and time and time again I
know how much I'm willing to serve
people and my family and myself and all
I just know I've done it for years and
years and years so when it came to do I
buy an island and retire or do I double
down it came down to what will make me
love my life the most and the reality is
the thing that would make me love my
life the most because it would still be
fun to just go home be with my wife but
the thing that make me love my life the
most is to do the things that are
fulfilling and I think fulfillment has a
very specific universal formula and that
formula is work your ass off to get very
good at something that you care deeply
about that allows you to serve not only
yourself but other people that's it you
got to have all of it technique
literally yes
it is literally technique yeah and
people they don't like what that is for
people that don't know so it's this
ancient Greek notion of fulfillment
basically and the fact that it's coming
from that word techne like to get
good at something and something that's
hard so the way that I explain it to
people is people think of like doing
some of that going and ladling soup at a
soup kitchen which may be the right
place to start but ultimately you're
gonna realize anyone can do this and so
I haven't earned something special that
allows me to serve myself in humanity so
it's part of it is working your ass off
to get a set of skills have real value
and my whole thing here's this maybe the
biggest problem we face as a society
people don't remember that skills have
utility they let you do something you
don't learn to build a house to impress
your parents you learn to build a house
so people can live in the house you
build and once people understand that
like holy
you're building this house so somebody
can live in it build a home in it have a
family be sheltered from storms like
it's a real thing man and so all of
that effort and energy went into I have
the chills right now is so you can
create that moment for yourself for
other people it is it is something so
much more than going to architecture
school which maybe you went to because
your parents wanted that and they they
were architects and so you do that thing
for that and you forget the whole reason
you became an architect was to build
houses and so once people realize oh I'm
putting all of this time and energy to
build these things because they let me
do something what do I want to do what
do I want to give what do I want to
create when you look at skills from that
perspective it is like it is being a
superhero it is being a superhero you're
going to collect these abilities these
abilities actually let you do something
the fact that Superman can fly allows
him to save people allows him to do
things other people can't do we all have
this opportunity to become capable of
the extraordinary to be able to do
things other people can't do and that
feels so good
you